---
_id: 981f4b80-d011-11e9-b0a3-610d1228cc1f
reply_to: ''
name: WalterHeisy
email: 6c22d3bc586e4e3f71fadcde59f8a5d3
date: '2019-09-05T19:16:00.083Z'
---
You are white female dating Asian man you need to know about his teachings on life

I'm white female dating an Asian/Buddist Man I really do care about this Man in the short period of time I've gotten to know him I want to understand his state of mind, His perceptions of life and and family relationships? for just about any to me because he is, And my understanding the differences between us will make for a healthy relationship, He is very thoughtful and this is such an endearing quality, So I'm here to learn so I can better provide to him a good romanntic relationship based on both of our spiritual growth?

What should you do if your ex wants you to live with him and sleep in the same bed and you have sex and a child together but he doesn want to reunite and is dating someone else?

such a loser he is. Take your child and look for a better life for yourselves. i agree! Let that jerk work things out with the woman he is currently <a href=http://asiame1.blogspot.com/>asiaME.COM</a> dating. Work on making your life and your child's life better and run the other way from that man. What is he doing asking you to live with him and have sex with him when he is dating someone else and does not want to Read More

How would you assess a man who eagerly breaks up with a woman he dated for two months to get back with a woman he dated don and doff for about eight years yet claims he likes dating several women?

It appears this man is honest and certainly doesn't want to commit to any woman no matter how long he's known her and it is your specific woman that will have to decide if she wants a man who commits or one who doesn't. As far as the other woman he's dated off and on for <a href=https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fA0zCCicIRI>Asiame.COM</a> eight years he finds several comfort in her and she may not want to commit to Read More.
